Precision  BioSciences, Inc.
Page 1 of 27 Title:  Statistical Analysis Plan (SAP) for “A Phase 1/2a, Open -label, Dose -escalation, 
Dose -expansion, Parallel Assignment Study to Evaluate the Safety and Clinical Activity of 
BV-CAR20 in Study Subjects  with Relapsed/Refractory (r/r) Non-Hodgkin Lymphoma 
(NHL) or r/r Chronic Lymphocytic Leukemia (CLL) or Small Lymphocytic Lymphoma 
(SLL) ” 
Protocol number : BV-CAR20 -01 v5.0 10FEB2021  
Product : BV-CAR20 
Sponsor : BioVantage Therapeutics, Inc.  
Effective date : March 29, 2022  
Confidentiality statement  
This document is confidential information of BioVantage Therapeutics, Inc. It may not be disclosed 
to parties not associated with the clinical investigation or used for any purpose without the prior 
written authorization of BioVantage Therapeutics, Inc.  Description:  
The purpose of this SAP is to describe the planned analyses and outputs to be 
included in the Clinical Study Report for Protocol BV-CAR20 -01 (version 5.0), 
dated 10 February 2021.  
This SAP is intended to describe the efficacy, safety analyses required for the  study.  
This SAP will be provided to the study team members to convey the content of  
statistical package.  NCT #NCT-XXXXX

   
    Precision  BioSciences, Inc.
    
 
 Page 2 of 27 
 SAP Authors and Signatures  
 
Author ’s Name and Functional Area : 
Function  Name/title  
Lead Author   BioVantage Therapeutics, Inc.  
Contributing Author   BioVantage Therapeutics, Inc.  
Contributing Author   BioVantage Therapeutics, Inc. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
I give my approval for the attached SAP entitled “A Phase 1/2a, Open -label, Dose -escalation, 
Dose -expansion, Parallel Assignment Study to Evaluate the Safety and Clinical Activity of 
BV-CAR20 in Study Subjects with Relapsed/Refractory (r/r) Non -Hodgkin Lymphoma 
(NHL) or r/r Chronic Lymphocytic Leukemia ( CLL) or Small Lymphocytic Lymphoma 
(SLL)” dated  March 29, 2022.  
 
SAP Approval Signatures  
Roles  Name/title  Signature  Date  
Lead Author   
, PBI    
Statistical Reviewer  , 
PBI   
Clinical Trial 
Manager   
, PBI    
Medical Director   
, PBI    
Lead Programmer   
, PharStat, Inc    
 
 
  


   
    Precision  BioSciences, Inc.
    
 
 Page 3 of 27 
 Table of Contents  
1 SUMMARY OF KEY PROTOCOL INFORMATION  7 
1.1 Change to the Protocol Defined Statistical Analysis Plan  7 
1.2 Study Objectives and Endpoints  7 
1.3 General Study Design  8 
1.4 Statistical Hypotheses  10 
2 SAMPLE SIZE  10 
3 PLANNED ANALYSES  10 
3.1 Interim Analyses and Data Monitoring  10 
3.2 Final analysis  11 
4 ANALYSIS POPULATIONS  11 
4.1 Protocol Deviations  12 
5 CONSIDERATIONS FOR DATA ANALY SES AND DATA HANDLING CONVENTIONS  12 
5.1 Data Quality Assurance  13 
5.2 Study Assessments Windows  13 
5.3 Study Treatment Display Descriptors  13 
5.4 Handling of Missing Data  13 
5.5 Multiple Comparisons  14 
5.6 Covariates and Subgroups Analysis  14 
5.7 Data Derivations and Transformations  14 
5.8 Reporting Process and Standards  15 
6 STUDY POPULATION  15 
6.1 Subject Disposition  15 
6.2 Demographic and Baseline Variables  15 
7 EFFICACY ANALYSES  16 
7.1 Efficacy Analysis  16 
7.1.1  Objective Response Rate (OR R) 16 
7.1.2  Progression -Free Survival (PFS)  16 
8 SAFETY ANALYSES  16 
8.1 Extent of Exposure  17 
8.2 Adverse Events  17 
8.2.1  Adverse Event Summaries  17 
8.2.2  Adverse Events of Special Interest (AESI)  18 
9 REPORTING CONVENTIONS  18 
10 QUALITY ASSURANCE OF STATISTICAL PROGRAMMING  18 
11 LISTING OF TABLES, LISTINGS AND FIGURES  20 
12 APPENDICES  24 
12.1  Appendix A: Schedule of Activities  24 
 

   
    Precision  BioSciences, Inc.
    
 
 Page 4 of 27 
 List of Abbreviations  
 
Abbreviation  Definition  
AE adverse event  
AESI  adverse events of special interest  
ALL  acute lymphoblastic leukemia  
ASTCT  American Society for Transplantation and Cellular Therapy  
B-ALL  B-cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia  
BMA  bone marrow aspiration  
BMI  body mass index  
BOR  best overall response  
CAR  chimeric antigen receptor  
CBC  complete blood count  
CI confidence interval  
CLL  Chronic lymphocytic leukemia  
CNS  Central nervous system  
CS clinically significant  
CR complete response  
CRi complete response with incomplete recovery of counts  
CRP  C-reactive protein  
CRS  cytokine release syndrome  
CT computed tomography  
CTCAE  Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events  
DLT  dose-limiting toxicity  
DoR  duration of response  
ECG  electrocardiogram  
ECHO  echocardiogram  
ECOG  Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group  
eCRF  electronic case report form  
FDA  Food and Drug Administration  
GvHD  graft -versus -host disease  
HIV human immunodeficiency virus  
HLA  human leukocyte antigen  
ICANS  immune effector cell -mediated neurotoxicity syndrome  

   
    Precision  BioSciences, Inc.
    
 
 Page 5 of 27 
 ICF Informed consent form  
ICH International Council for harmonization  
ITT Intent -to-Treat  
IV intravenous  
kg kilogram  
KM Kaplan -Meier  
LTFU  long-term follow -up 
LVEF  Left ventricular ejection fraction  
MedDRA  Medical Dictionary for Regulatory Activities  
mg milligram  
MRD  minimal residual disease  
MRI  Magnetic Resonance Imaging  
MTD  maximum tolerated dose  
MUGA  Multiple gated acquisition scan  
NCCN  National Comprehensive Cancer Network  
NCI National Cancer Institute  
NCS  Not clinically significant  
NHL  non-Hodgkin lymphoma  
ORR  objective response rate  
OS overall survival  
PD progressive disease  
PET positron emission tomography  
PFS progression -free survival  
PK pharmacokinetic(s)  
PR partial response  
PT Preferred Term  
QC quality control  
qPCR  quantitative polymerase chain reaction  
RE Response Evaluable  
RNA  ribonucleic acid  
r/r relapsed/refractory  
SAE  serious adverse event  
SAP Statistical Analysis Plan   

   
    Precision  BioSciences, Inc.
    
 
 Page 6 of 27 
 SD stable disease  
SLL Small lymphocytic leukemia  
SoA Schedule of Activities  
SOC  System Organ Class  
TEAE  treatment -emergent adverse event  
TESAE  treatment -emergent serious adverse event  
WHO  World Health Organization  
  

   
    Precision  BioSciences, Inc.
    
 
 Page 7 of 27 
 1 SUMMARY OF KEY PROTOCOL INFORMATION  
1.1 Change to the Protocol Defined Statistical Analysis Plan  
Any changes from the originally planned statistical analysis specified in the protocol are 
outlined in  Table 1. 
Table 1: Change to protocol defined analysis plan 
Protocol  Statistical Analysis Plan  Rationale for Changes  
BV-CAR20 -01 
v4.0 09SEP 2020 Cohort A(NHL) and Cohort B 
(CLL/SLL) will be combined for all 
analyses.   Protocol V4 has combined 
the two cohorts into one 
cohort, and dose level 3 has 
been changed to a flat dose 
of 480x10^6 cells.  
BV-CAR20 -01 
v5.0 10FEB2021  Subject enrollment will be 
discontinued after the completion of 
Phase 1. The study will not progress to 
Phase 2a.  All subsequent sections in 
the SAP apply to only Phase 1.   
 
Actual dose level given in the study 
will be used for summary table s  This study includes only 
Phase 1 due to the project 
not moving forward.  
 
Dose level 2: 240x10^6 cells 
were not given as dose level 
2 dosing has been completed 
based on protocol V4.  
 
1.2 Study Objectives and Endpoints  
The primary, secondary, and exploratory objectives and corresponding endpoints  for Phase 1  
are listed in Table 2. Due to early study termination, only a synopsis will be generate d, and 
exploratory endpoints will not be included.  
Table 2: Study objectives and endpoints  
Objective  Endpoints  
Primary Objective  Primary Endpoints  
Evaluate the safety and tolerability of 
BV-CAR20 in subjects with r/r CD20+ NHL 
including r/rCD20+ CLL/SLL and find an 
appropriate dose to optimize safety and 
efficacy  The identification of the maximum tolerated 
dose (MTD) based on the incidence of dose-
limiting toxicities (DLTs)  
Secondary Objectives  Secondary Endpoints  
Evaluate the clinical activity and safety 
profile of BV-CAR20 in study subjects 
with r/r CD20+ NHL including r/r CD20+ 
CLL/SLL  Objective response rate (ORR)  
• NHL: Lugano 2016 criteria  
• CLL/SLL: International Workshop 
on Chronic Lymphocytic Leukemia 
(iwCLL) 2018 guidelines  
 Progression -free survival (PFS)  
• Defined as the duration (days) from 
Day 0 to disease progression or 
death  
 Incidence of AESI, SAEs, and DLTs related 

   
    Precision  BioSciences, Inc.
    
 
 Page 8 of 27 
 to the investigational product  
 
1.3 General Study Design  
This study is a nonrandomized, open -label, dose escalation Phase 1 study.  Essential 
components of the study design and key features are summarized in Table 3. 
Table 3: Overview of study design and key features  
Design Features  Three escalating dose groups will be enrolled and treated 
sequentially, with the possibility of a single de -escalation.  
• Within each dose group, at least 3 and at most 6 study 
subjects will be treated with a single dose of 
BV-CAR20 using a standard 3  + 3 design.  
• The starting dose of BV-CAR20 will be 1×106 CAR T 
cells/kg body weight.  
• In the absence of DLTs, subsequent dose groups will be 
treated with escalating doses to a maximum flat dose of 
480×106 CAR T cells.  
• If a DLT is observed in 1 of 3 study subjects at a given 
dose level, 3 additional study subjects (for a total of up 
to 6 study subjects) will be enrolled and treated at that 
dose level.  
• When 3 additional study subjects are added to the dose 
group, the dose will be inc reased to the next dose level if 
≤1 of 6 study subjects experiences a DLT.  
• If ≥2 of the 3 to 6 study subjects in a dose group 
experience DLTs  then the MTD has been exceeded . The 
dose level will then be lowered to the previous dose  and 
up to 3 additional st udy subjects (for a total of 6) will be 
treated at the previous (lower) dose level.  
• See the flow chart of the dose escalation algorithm in 
Figure 1. 
 
Dosing Schedule  • Lymphodepletion (LD) chemotherapy will be 
administered during the Screening Period from Days -5 
to -3. 
• All subjects will receive an intravenous (IV) 
BV-CAR20 on Day 0 of the study.  
• The first treated subject in each dose level (including the 
dose de -escalation group, i.e., Dose -1) will be observed 
for 14 days for safety before any subsequent subject 
receives any study treatment to provide an adequate 
safety monitoring wind ow. 
• Once the first study subject in each dose level has 
completed Day 14 after dosing with no DLTs, then 
subsequent subjects can be enrolled without delays into 
that dose level.  
• See Figure 2 for the study design schematic.  

   
    Precision  BioSciences, Inc.
    
 
 Page 9 of 27 
 Treatment assignment  No randomization scheme or treatment arm assignment applies.  
Three BV-CAR20 doses are planned:  
Dose 1: 1x10^6 cells/kg , Protocol V3  
Dose 2: 3x10^6 cells/kg , Protocol V3  
Dose 3: 480x10^6 cells , Protocol V4  
 
All subjects will receive fludarabine 30 mg/m2/day and 
cyclophosphamide 500 mg/m2/day from Day -5 to Day -3. 
Blinding  Blinding of study subjects or study staff does not apply.  
Interim /Analysis  • No formal interim analyses are planned.  
• A Safety Monitoring Committee will review safety data 
at regular intervals and to determine whether dose 
escalation is appropriate  
 
Figure 1: Dose escalation algorithm  
 


   
    Precision  BioSciences, Inc.
    
 
 Page 10 of 27 
  
Figure 2: Study schema  
 
Abbreviations: ICF=informed consent form.  
1.4 Statistical Hypotheses  
Statistical analysis for all safety and efficacy parameters will be descriptive  in nature. 
Categorical variables will be summarized by frequency distributions (number and 
percentages of study subjects). Continuous variables will be summarized by mean, standard 
deviation, median, minimum, and maximum, and time -to-event variables will be summarized 
using Kaplan -Meier methods and figures for the estimated median time.  
No formal statistical hypothesis testing is planned; however, if exploratory analyses are 
conducted and confidence intervals (CIs) are provided for estimates, the 95% CIs a re 
consistent with a 2 -sided 5%  significance level. All analyses, summaries, and listings will be 
performed using SAS® (Cary, North Carolina) software (version 9.4 or higher).  
2 SAMPLE SIZE  
Subjects will be enrolled in dose groups with 3 to 6 subjects for ea ch dose. Dose escalation of 
BV-CAR20 will follow a standard 3 + 3 design with sequential groups of 3 subjects treated 
with incrementally higher doses of BV-CAR20 until a DLT is observed and the MTD is 
established. Per the standard oncology 3 + 3 Phase 1 do se-escalation design, the total number 
of subjects to be enrolled cannot be precisely determined because the sample size is 
dependent upon the observed safety profile, which will determine the number of subjects per 
dose group and the number of dose escala tions required to achieve the MTD. For this Phase 1  
study , 4 dose levels (including possible de -escalation) may be tested. It is anticipated that 
approximately 9 -30 study subjects will be required to reach the MTD.  
3 PLANNED ANALYSES  
3.1 Interim Analyses and Data Monitoring  
No formal interim analyses are planned.  
Dose escalation investigator calls consisting of the investigators, the medical monitor, and 
sponsor representative(s) will meet regularly to review safety and efficacy data and to 
provide safety oversight during the study. The group will review safety dat a at regular 
intervals to discuss any unexpected significant toxicities and to determine whether dose 


   
    Precision  BioSciences, Inc.
    
 
 Page 11 of 27 
 escalation is appropriate.  
3.2 Final analysis  
The final planned primary analyses will be performed after the completion of the following 
sequential steps:  
1. All subjects have completed a 28 Day Safety observation period of the study as 
defined in the protocol.  
2. All required database cleaning activities have been completed , and the final database 
release and database freeze have been declared by Data Mana gement.  
4 ANALYSIS  POPULATION S 
The analysis populations along with their inclusion criteria are defined in Table 4.  
Following protocol amendment V4, enrolment for CLL/SLL and NHL cohorts have been 
combined, therefore, these two cohorts will be combined in the tables/figures and will be 
identified in the d ata listings if needed.  
Table 4: Analysis populations  
Population  Definition / Criteria  Analyses 
Evaluated  
All Screened  • All subjects who sign the informed consent 
form (ICF) and participate the screening 
assessments.  
• Note: screening failures, screened but 
never enrolled are included in this 
population.  • Study 
population 
display  
• Screening 
failures 
display  
Intent -To-Treat 
(ITT) / Enrolled  • Includes all subjects who are eligible for 
treatment based on inclusion and exclusion 
criteria and enrolled into the study.  
• Subjects will only appear once in the ITT 
population, even if they are retreated with 
BV-CAR20.  • Study 
population  
• Safety 
displays ( vital 
sign, ECG, 
labs, etc.)  
Safety  • Includes all subjects who receive study 
treatment, starting with Lymphodepletion.  
• This population will be used to summarize 
the demographic and baseline 
characteristics and safety data.  
• Subjects will only appear once in the 
Safety population, even if they are retreated 
with BV-CAR20.  • TEAE -related 
safety 
displays  
• Demographic 
and baseline 
characteristics  
Response 
Evaluable  (RE)  • Includes all subjects who received study 
treatment BV-CAR20 and have at least 1 
post-Baseline efficacy assessment.  • Efficacy 
displays  

   
    Precision  BioSciences, Inc.
    
 
 Page 12 of 27 
 Population  Definition / Criteria  Analyses 
Evaluated  
• Subjects who discontinue due to disease 
progression, have a transplant, die, or have 
a treatment -related toxicity prior to having 
a disease assessment will be included in the 
Response Evaluable population.  
• Subjects who are retreated will be included 
in the Response Evaluable population for 
each treatment of BV-CAR20  
 
Enrolled (ITT) and Safety population consists of the same subjects for this study . ‘Safety’ 
population will be used tables and listings.  
4.1 Protocol Deviations  
Protocol deviations (including deviations related to study inclusion/exclusion criteria, 
conduct of the trial, patient management or patient assessment) will be summarized or listed.  
A separate summary and listing of all inclusion/exclusion criteria deviat ions will also be 
provided, if any. This summary will be based on data as recorded on the inclusion/exclusion 
page of the eCRF.  
Major protocol deviations will be summarized for the Safety Population. A listing of all 
protocol deviations will be provided.   
Protocol deviations will be tracked by the study team throughout the conduct of the study in 
accordance with the Protocol Deviation Management Plan. Data will be reviewed prior to 
freezing the database to ensure all important deviations are capt ured and categorized on the 
protocol deviations dataset. This dataset will be the basis for the summaries or listings of 
protocol deviations. If there are many protocol deviations, a summary will be produced. If 
there are only a few protocol deviations, a listing will be produced.  
5 CONSIDERATIONS FOR DATA ANALYSES AND DATA 
HANDLING CONVENTIONS  
Statistical analyses will be primarily descriptive in nature. Unless otherwise specified, 
continuous variables will be summarized by presenting the number of non -missing 
observations, mean, standard deviation, median, minimum, and maximum. Categorical 
variables will be summarized by presenting the number of subjects and percentage for each 
category.  
Time -to-event variables will be summarized using Kaplan -Meier (KM) methods and figures 
for the estimated median time. No formal statistical hypothesis testing is planned; however, if 
exploratory analyses are conducted and confidence intervals (CIs) are provided for estimates, 
the 95% CIs are consistent with a 2 -sided 5% significance level.  
Results of statistical analyses, descriptive statistics, and supporting l istings will be presented 
by BV-CAR20 dose levels.  

   
    Precision  BioSciences, Inc.
    
 
 Page 13 of 27 
 All tabulations will be based on pooled data across centers.  
Analyses will be performed using SAS for Windows statistical software, version 9.4 or 
higher (SAS, Cary, NC), except where other software may be  deemed more appropriate.  
Pharstat will perform all efficacy and safety statistical analyses described in this SAP.  
5.1 Data Quality Assurance  
Once all the source verification is complete, all queries are resolved, and the database has 
been updated accordingl y, the database will be locked and made available to Pharstat for final 
analysis.  
PBI’s biostatisticians will review the data when:  
1. Final analysis: All subjects complete Day 360 visit or discontinue from the study.  
2. Ad-hoc analyses: Based on planned publications and presentations , ad-hoc analyses 
will be requested.  Source verification and query resolution will be an ongoing 
process. Targeted data quality checks will be performed by Data Management when 
ad-hoc analyses are requested.  
5.2 Study Assessments Windows  
Data will be summarized by nominal study visit recorded in  the database . 
See Table 9 in Section 12.1 (App endix A) for the timing of all relevant assessments.  
5.3 Study Treatment Display Descriptors  
The treatment description s to be used for the displays  are listed in  Table 5. 
 
Table 5: Treatment descriptions for displays  
Footnote Description  Table Header  Order  
1 × 106 cells/kg  DL1 1 
3 × 106 cells/kg DL2 2 
480 × 106 cells DL3 3 
 
5.4 Handling of Missing Data  
Except for the time -to-event endpoints (described below), partial first diagnosis date and 
partial end dates of concomitant medications will be listed as they are recorded, all other 
“Unknown” or “not done” data will be treated as  missing; unless otherwise specified, no 
method for imputation is planned.  
Missing data on the PFS endpoint will have events coded as right censored per  Table 6 based 
on the FDA’s Guidance for Industry document Clinical Trial Endpoints for the Approval of 
Non-small Cell Lung Cancer Drugs and Biologics (April 2015) [1]; Table C1.  
Table 6: Censoring methods for PFS  

   
    Precision  BioSciences, Inc.
    
 
 Page 14 of 27 
 Situation  Date of Progression or Censoring  Outcome  
Progression documented between 
scheduled visits  Earliest date of radiological 
assessment documenting 
progression  PFS event  
No progression  Date of last radiological assessment 
of measured lesions  Censored  
Treatment discontinuation for 
undocumented progression  Date of discontinuation PFS event  
Treatment discontinuation for 
toxicity or other reason  Date of discontinuation  PFS event  
New anticancer treatment started  Date of start of new anticancer 
treatment  PFS event  
Death before first progressive 
disease (PD) assessment  Date of death  PFS event  
Death between adequate 
assessment visits  Date of death  PFS event  
Death or progression after more 
than 1 missed visit  Date of first missed visit  PFS event  
 
5.5 Multiple Comparisons  
There are no multiple comparisons.  
5.6  Covariates and Subgroups Analysis  
Given this is a dose escalation study, no covariates or subgroups analysis will be done .  
5.7 Data Derivations and Transformations  
The following derivations will be used in this study:  
Study day:  
• =Date of assessment – Day 0 date (first BV-CAR20 admin istration) + 1 for 
assessments done after  date of first BV-CAR20 administration.  
• =Date of assessment – Day 0 date (first BV-CAR20 administration ) for assessments 
done before  date of first PBCA R20A administration . 
 
Weight:  Baseline weight extracted from screening visit.  
Duration :  
• Duration on study ( days) (or Time to Next Treatment) = end of study date – screening  
date + 1  
• Time to AEs onset = AE onset date – Day0 date + 1  

   
    Precision  BioSciences, Inc.
    
 
 Page 15 of 27 
 • Duration of AE = AE end date -AE start date + 1  
• Follow -up time =  Last contact/assessment  date – Day 0 date +1  
 
5.8 Reporting Process and Standards  
Table 7 
Software  SAS version 9.4 will be used  
Datasets  SDTM: Not applicable  
ADAM: Not applicable  
RAW: Medidata will be used to create analysis datasets  
Location  Programs will be located at Box\ClinFinalData \BV-CAR20 \BV-CAR20 -
01\Program  
Datasets will be located at  Box\ClinFinalData \BV-CAR20 \BV-CAR20 -
01\Data \RAW  
Outputs will be located at Box\ClinFinalData \BV-CAR20 \BV-CAR20 -
01\Output  
QC QC programs and output will be located at 
\Box\ClinFinalData \BV-CAR20 \BV-CAR20 -01\QC 
Precision  Calculated values will be presented at no more than 3 significant digits  
Unscheduled 
visits  Unscheduled visit s will not be included in summary tables.  
Unscheduled visit s will b e included in figures.  
All unscheduled visits will be  only included in figures and listings . 
Descriptive 
Summary  Categorical Data: N, n, frequency, %  
Continuous Data: N, n, mean, median, standard deviation (SD), min, max . 
 
6 STUDY POPULATION  
6.1 Subject Disposition  
A summary table (frequency counts and percentages) of all subjects in the All Screened  
population be provided including study completion status and reasons for early termination.  
Subject disposition will be tabulated by dose level and overall. First screening (first subject 
first visit) and last contact/assessment date as well as first and last BV-CAR20 injection 
dates for each dose will be presented in the table.  
Screen failures with reasons (inclusion/exclusion criteria numbers recorded in the eCRF) as 
well as early discontinuations with reasons will be listed  for all subjects .  
A by -subject listing for screened population will be created.  It will include Screen failure 
subjects with reasons (inclusion/exclusion criteria numbers recorded in the eCRF) and 
subjects who started LD but did not dose with their reasons fo r discontinuation and time on 
study.  
6.2 Demographic and Baseline Variables  
Descriptive statistics will be used to summarize the demographic characteristics (including a ge 
(≥65 years vs. <65 years), gender, race, ethnicity, height, weight, and body mass index (BMI) 
at Screening) for the Safety population.  

   
    Precision  BioSciences, Inc.
    
 
 Page 16 of 27 
 Descriptive statistics will be used to summarize the baseline characteristics for subjects in the 
Safety population w ith the data collected at Screening or Day 0 pre -dose only. Baseline data  
will includ e disease type, disease stage, prior autologous stem cell transplant, prior line 
therapy, refractory subgroup, and baseline Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group (ECOG) 
perfo rmance status . 
7 EFFICACY ANALYSES  
All efficacy analyses described below will be carried out on the RE population. Unless 
otherwise specified, data will be summarized by dose level and overall.  
7.1  Efficacy Analysis  
Efficacy analyses on ORR and PFS will be performed.  
7.1.1 Objective Response Rate (ORR)  
The ORR is defined as the proportion of study subjects as respon der, including partial 
response (PR) and complete response (CR) rates  (i.e., the ORR is the rate of CR + PR).  The 
response  to treatment with BV-CAR20 through Day 360 will be evaluated  using the Lugano 
criteria for NHL and iwCLL for CLL/SLL (see Protocol Section 8.1).  
Since the primary objective of this study is to determine the safety and tolerability of 
BV-CAR20, to identify  an appropriate dose to optimize safety and efficacy, and to optimize 
the treatment regimen, an estimation approach will be applied to efficacy data analyses. The 
ORR will be summarized by number and percentage of subjects for all dose levels and along 
with the corresponding exact 95% CIs  (Exact binomial CI : Clopper -Pearson method) . 
7.1.2 Progression -Free Survival (PFS)  
PFS is defined as the interval between the date of first BV-CAR20 administration and the 
date of disease relapse, progression, or death, whichever occurs (i.e., the number of days from 
Day 0 to disease relapse, progression, or death). Details on censoring method can be found in 
Section 5.4, Table 6. 
PFS (days) = Date of disease relapse or progression or death or last assessment (or 
retreatment date) − Date of first BV-CAR20 administration + 1  
A PFS summary by dose will also be provided.  
Individual PFS will be plotted with swimmer plot and grouped by d ose level  and indicated as 
responder, non -responder, starting new SCT treatment or death.  
For subjects who meet the retreatment criteria and have had a study visit within 30 days, their 
PFS will be calculated from each BV-CAR20 infusion.  
8 SAFETY ANALYSES  
All subjects in the Safety population will be included in the summaries and listings of safety 
data. No formal hypothesis testing will be performed to compare differences between dose 
groups. The safety data will be summarized for the overall AEs and specially AESI. Any 
clinical ly significant events related to laboratory tests, electrocardiograms (ECGs), and vital 
signs  will be captured as AEs . All summaries will be descriptive.  

   
    Precision  BioSciences, Inc.
    
 
 Page 17 of 27 
 8.1 Extent of Exposure  
Study treatment administrations (including both LD and BV-CAR20) will be listed for each 
subject with drug name, dose, total cells infused (in 10^6 cells), and total lymphodepletion 
administered.  Subject compliance with treatment will also be noted in th is listing.  
8.2 Adverse Events  
An adverse event ( AE) is defined as any untoward medical occurrence in a subject or clinical 
investigation subject administered a pharmaceutical product and which does not necessarily 
have to have a causal relationship with this t reatment.  
All AEs will be collected until death, disease progression, stem cell transplant, withdrawal 
due to intolerable toxicity, withdrawal of consent, or Day 360, whichever occurs first, and 
recorded on the eCRF, regardless of whether they are related to the study treatment. All AEs 
collected through Day 28 will be used for assessment of DLTs; any AEs occurring after Day 
28 will be considered in dose -escalation decisions and monitoring procedures as appropriate.  
AEs, including SAEs, that occur after sig ning of informed consent and before administration 
of any protocol -specified medication will be recorded as Medical History on the appropriate 
eCRF.  
The AEs will be classified using the Medical Dictionary for Regulatory Activities (MedDRA) 
classification s ystem version 2 2.1. The severity of the toxicities will be graded according to 
the NCI CTCAE version 5.0.  
8.2.1 Adverse Event Summaries  
A treatment -emergent adverse event (TEAE) is an AE with initial onset or that worsens in 
severity after the first dose of BV-CAR20.  
Non-TEAE is defined as an AE that occurred prior to the BV-CAR20 injection , but after the 
initiation of lymphodepletion , and they will be summarized separately from TEAEs by 
system organ class ( SOC ) and prefer term ( PT) based on ITT  (Enrolled)  population.  
The following summaries will be tabulated : 
i. The number and percentage of subjects experiencing a TEAE,  
ii. The number and percentage of subjects experiencing a  SAE,  
iii. The number and percentage of subjects experiencing a n AESI,  
iv. The number and percentage of subjects experiencing a fatal AE . 
Additionally, the following inf ormation will be provided:  
v. The number and percentage of subjects experiencing a  serious adverse event related to 
each of the study medications (BV-CAR20, Lymphodepletion (Cyclophosphamide & 
Fludarabine))  by max toxicity grade , 
vi. Listing of all TESAE s, 
vii. Listing of all  subjects who  died on study . 
All TEAEs will be listed.  The listing will contain the following information: dose level, PT, 
PT grade, whether the event was an SAE, DLT, or AESI , symptom  grade, relationship to 
study medications (BV-CAR20, Cyclophosphamide, Fludarabine), whether the adverse event 
attributed to the disease, study day at onset, duration of the adverse event in days, treatment 
given to treat the adverse event, and the outcome . Listings will be sorted by subject and AE 

   
    Precision  BioSciences, Inc.
    
 
 Page 18 of 27 
 onsite date.  
8.2.2 Adverse Events of Special Interest (AESI)  
The following AESI are AEs are of particular concern in CAR T cell therapy:  
• CRS  
• ICANS  
• GvHD  
Subjects will be assessed for AESI from the administration of PBCA R20A through Day 360.  
The following will be presented by dose and overall:  
i. Summary of onset and duration of All AESIs ,  
ii. The number and percentage of subjects with symptoms from each type of AESI (CRS, 
ICANS, GvHD) by dose and by max grade (ASTCT grade or GvHD grade) , 
iii. Summary of AESIs and symptoms by max toxicity grade and dose,  
iv. The number and percentage of AESIs and Infections by max toxicity grade and dose,  
v. Summary of medications given for AESIs , 
Listing of all Cytokine Release Syndrome, ICANS, and GvHD  will also be provided. All 
occurrences of these AESI s will be listed for each subject. The listing will contain the 
following information: dose level, AE PT, PT grade, associated symptoms of the AESI, 
associated symptoms grade, AE onset days on study , duration of the AESI in days, treatment 
given to treat th e adverse event, and the outcome. Listings will be sorted by subject and AE 
onset date.  
The median time (range) to onset of an AESI from the first dose of BV-CAR20 and the 
median duration (range) of an AESI:  
Duration of AESI (days) = Date of Resolution – Date of Onset + 1.  
Time to AESI onset (days) = Date of AE onset  – Day 0 Date + 1.  
 
For an AESI that is ongoing at the time of the analysis, the date of data cutoff will be used to 
calculate the duration.  
9 REPORTING CONVENTIONS  
The mean, standard deviation, and any other statistics other than quantiles, will be 
reported to one decimal place greater than the original data. Quantiles, such as median, 
minimum , and maximum , will use the same number of decimal places as the original 
data.  
10 QUALITY ASSURA NCE OF STATISTICAL PROGRAMMING  
Analyses will be performed using SAS for Windows statistical software, version 9.4 or 
higher (SAS, Cary, NC), except where other software may be deemed more appropriate.  
To provide high quality code that is understandable an d allows reproduction of the analysis , 
the following points will be followed : 

   
    Precision  BioSciences, Inc.
    
 
 Page 19 of 27 
 • The population to be used in a table or figure will be explicitly set at the start of a 
block of code that computes the output, ideally by looking up the population from the 
table of tables.  
• Any outputs will have the  
o date and time included , 
o the name of the code file that produced the analysis , 
o programmer initials or user IDs . 
• At the start of any code file there will be a set of comments that give  
o the author , 
o the date and time of writing , 
o references to inputs and outputs , 
o reference to any parent code file that runs the child code file . 
All coding and output should adhere to one of three levels of quality control (QC), as outlined 
below:  
• Level 1: the QC programmer /statistician  will conduct a manual review of the data and 
compare  the output to  the raw listing.  
• Level 2 : the QC programmer /statistician  will review the program, output, and log to 
ensure that these files are error -free. 
• Level 3: a second review programmer/ statistician will  independently reproduce the 
analyses and output.  
Most listings are classified as QC level 1, most summaries are classified as QC level 2, and 
all summaries and analyses involving primary endpoints and AESI are classified as QC level 
3 (see Section 11 for QC level classifications for specific listings and tables).  
  

   
    Precision  BioSciences, Inc.
    
 
 Page 20 of 27 
 11 LISTING OF TABLES, LISTINGS AND FIGURES  
This section is to give precise details for each table, listing or figure to be produced.  
Mock tables, listings and figures should be provided.  Including the title, number, analysis 
population, etc.  
Tables:  # of decimal digits, formatting (e.g., confidence in brackets, in parentheses, in 
separate co lumns).  
Figures:  labels for all axes, legends, plotting symbols.  
These detailed specifications can have minor revisions during the production phase without 
needing to revise the SAP, this may include changing the table numbers if a reordering or 
deletion i s appropriate, providing that the specifications in the main body of the SAP sections 
4 to 8 are met.  
Suggestions for ordering or organizing TLFs:  
e.g., Tables E for efficacy and S for safety and nothing for patient disposition.  
Disposition is Table of Figure 1.xxx 
Efficacy is Table or Figure 2.xxx 
Safety is Table or Figure 3.xxx 
The following numbering will be applied for SAP generated displays:  
Table 8: Numbering for SAP generated displays  
Section  Tables  Figures  
Study Population  1.1 to 1.xxx  1.1 to 1.xxx  
Efficacy  2.1 to 2.xxx 2.1 to 2.xxx 
Safety  3.1 to 3.xxx 3.1 to 3.xxx 
Section  Listings  
ICH Listings  1 to xx  
Other Listings  xx+1 to yy  
 

   
    Precision  BioSciences, Inc.     
 
 Page 21 of 27 
 Table 10: Study population tables and listings  
No. Population  Example  
Shell  Title  Programming Notes  Quality  
Control  Deliverable  
[Priority]  
  Subject Disposition  
 1.1 All 
Screened  SD1 Summary of Subject Disposition  Retreated subject will be included 
under actual dose level received  3  FP [1]  
1 All 
Screened  L-SD1 Listing of Screen Failures    1 FP [1]  
  Protocol Deviation  
 1.2 Safety  PD1 Summary /Listing  of Major Protocol 
Deviations    If no major deviations, then put a 
blank table as ‘As no data to 
present . If few, only listing needed  1  FP [1]  
  Demographic and Baseline Characteristics  
 1.3 Safety  DMBC1  Summary of Demographics and Baseline 
Characteristics  Retreated subject will not be 
included in the summary  3 FP [1]  
        
 
Table 11: Efficacy tables , figures  and listings  
No. Population  Example  
Shell  Title  Programming Notes  Quality  
Control  Deliverable  
[Priority]  
  Response  
 2.1 RE ORR1  Summary of Objective Response Rate by Initial 
Treatment  Responder=CR+PR, no 
retreatment data  3  FP [1]  
 2 RE L-ORR1  Listing of Objective Response Data  Include retreatment data  3  FP [1]  
2.1 RE F-SW Swimmer plot for Progression Free Survival  For retreatment subject, combine 
the initial data with retreatment 1 FP [1]  

   
    Precision  BioSciences, Inc.     
 
 Page 22 of 27 
 data 
  
Table 12: Safety tables and listings  
No. Population  Example  
Shell  Title  Programming Notes  Quality  
Control  Deliverable  
[Priority]  
  Extent of Exposure  
3.1 Safety  L-TA1 Listing of Planned and Actual Treatment 
Administered  Including dose level, lot number, 
date and time, drug name , 
compliance, and total quantity 
administered  1  FP [1]  
All AEs  
 3.2 Safety  AEAll1  Summary of Over all Adverse Events by 
Treatment  Combine the initial and retreatment 
periods safety data, this will be the 
summary for each individual  2  FP [1]  
3 Safety  L-AE1 Listing of All Treatment Emergent Adverse 
Events   2 FP [1]  
  AEs of Special Interest  
3.3 Safety  AEAll2  Summary of Onset and Duration for all AESIs  Onset and duration are related to 
max grade of each type of AE 3 FP [1]  
 3.4 Safety  AESI2  Summary of  AESIs and S ymptoms by Dose and 
Max Toxicity Grade  AE and CRS data should be 
combined to identify the CRS 
events and symptoms   3 FP [1]  
 3.5 Safety  AESI1  Summary of AEs of Special Interest and 
Infections by Max Toxicity Grade and Dose  Infection will combine all infection 
Aes, and max grade  3 FP [1]  
3.6 Safety  CM1  Summary of Concomitant Medications Given 
for AESI  Select the Toxi, Dex  and other 
medications for fever,  1 FP [1]  
4 Safety  L-
AEAll1 Listing of All Cytokine Release Syndrome, 
ICANS, GvHD   1 FP [1]  

   
    Precision  BioSciences, Inc.     
 
 Page 23 of 27 
   SAEs  
3.7 Safety  SAE1  Summary of All BV-CAR20 -related Serious 
Adverse Event By Max Toxicity Grade   1 FP [1]  
3.8 Safety  SAE1  Summary of All Lymphodepletion -related 
Serious Adverse Event By Max Toxicity Grade   1 FP [1]  
 5 Safety  L-SAE1  Listing of All TESAEs      1 FP [1]  
 6 Safety  L-SAE1  Listing of All Deaths     1 FP [1]  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

   
    Precision  BioSciences, Inc.     
 
 Page 24 of 27 
 12 APPENDICES  
12.1 Appendix A: Schedule of Activities  
 
Table 9: Study schedule  
 Treatment Period  Follow -up 
Month  - 1 2 3 4 5 6 9 12 
Day -28a 0 1 3 7 10 14 21 28 42 60 90 120 150 180 270 360/ 
ET 
Visit window (days)    +1 +1 ±1 ±1 ±2 ±2 ±2 ±5 ±5 ±5 ±5 ±5 ±5 ±7 ±7 
Informed consent  X                 
Inclusion and exclusion 
criteria X                 
Demography  X                 
Weight  X X       X   X   X X X 
Full physical examination  X X       X   X   X X X 
Medical history  X X        Xb Xb Xb Xb Xb Xb Xb Xb 
Viral serologyc X                 
HLA haplotype  X                 
Anti-HLA antibodies  X        X   X      
Brain MRI  Xd                 
Lumbar puncture (History of 
CNS involvement) Xe                 

   
    Precision  BioSciences, Inc.     
 
 Page 25 of 27 
  Treatment Period  Follow -up 
Month  - 1 2 3 4 5 6 9 12 
Day -28a 0 1 3 7 10 14 21 28 42 60 90 120 150 180 270 360/ 
ET 
Visit window (days)    +1 +1 ±1 ±1 ±2 ±2 ±2 ±5 ±5 ±5 ±5 ±5 ±5 ±7 ±7 
LVEF (ECHO or MUGA) X                 
Serum pregnancy test 
(WOCBP only)  X                 
Clinical laboratory 
assessmentsf X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X 
Coagulation panelg X X                
Vital signsh X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X 
12-lead ECG (triplicate)i X                 
ECOG Performance 
Status  X X       X   X   X X X 
Fludarabine + 
cyclophosphamidej                  
Study treatment 
administrationk  X                
Study participant diaryl  ------------------------ X------------------          
PET-CT scan (NHL only) Xm      Xn  X  X X   X X X 
Tumor/liquid biopsy  Xo      Xp 
Serum and whole blood 
samples for analysesq X Xr X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X 

   
    Precision  BioSciences, Inc.     
 
 Page 26 of 27 
  Treatment Period  Follow -up 
Month  - 1 2 3 4 5 6 9 12 
Day -28a 0 1 3 7 10 14 21 28 42 60 90 120 150 180 270 360/ 
ET 
Visit window (days)    +1 +1 ±1 ±1 ±2 ±2 ±2 ±5 ±5 ±5 ±5 ±5 ±5 ±7 ±7 
BMA/bone marrow 
biopsy (Diagnosed w BM 
involvement)s X        X  X X   X X X 
CT scan (if preferred to 
PET/CT for CLL/SLL 
only)  X        X  X X   X X X 
Objective response 
assessment          X  X X   X X X 
MRD assessmentt X        X  X X   X X X 
Concomitant medications  X 
AE review  X 
AESIu  X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X 
Abbreviations: AE=adverse event; AESI=adverse event of special interest; BMA=bone marrow aspiration; CAR=chimeric antigen rec eptor; CLL=chronic lymphocytic 
leukemia; CNS=central nervous system; CT=computed tomography; DLBCL=diffuse large B -cell lympho ma; ECG=electrocardiogram; ECOG=Eastern Cooperative 
Oncology Group; ECHO=echocardiogram; ET=early termination; eCRF=electronic case report form; HLA=human leukocyte antigen; HIV =human immunodeficiency 
virus; IV=intravenous; LD=lymphodepletion; LVEF=left ve ntricular ejection fraction; MRI=magnetic resonance imaging; MUGA=multigated acquisition scan; NHL=non -
Hodgkin lymphoma; PBMC=peripheral blood mononuclear cell; PET=positron emission tomography; SLL=small lymphocytic lymphoma; W OCBP=women of 
childbearing p otential.  
a Lymphodepletion regimens will be administered as described in the Pharmacy Manual. 
b Study subjects are asked about the current status of their disease and treatment, including stem cell transplant. 
c Viral screening to include HIV antibody, he patitis B surface antigen, hepatitis B core antibody, hepatitis C antibody, HLA haplotype, and anti -HLA antibodies.  

   
    Precision  BioSciences, Inc.     
 
 Page 27 of 27 
 d Brain MRI is recommended for all study subjects at Baseline to assess the presence of brain disease or abnormalities. A negat ive MRI is re quired at Screening for NHL 
study subjects with a history of CNS disease. An MRI conducted as a part of the routine care within 6 weeks of initiating lym phodepletion chemotherapy may be used for 
Screening.  
e A negative lumbar puncture is required at Screen ing only if the study participant has a history of CNS disease. A lumbar puncture conducted as a part of the routine care 
within 6  weeks of initiating lymphodepletion chemotherapy may be used for Screening.  
f Clinical laboratory tests for safety assessment s are outlined in Protocol Section 7.1.4. Clinical laboratory tests can be performed up to 24 hours before dosing on Day  0. 
g Coagulation panel may be performed after Baseline if the investigator considers it necessary.  
h Vital signs should be measured on the day of dosing at 5 minutes (±2 minutes) before dosing, then at the end of infusion (±5 minutes), 60 minutes after the end  of infusion 
(±10 minutes), and 4 hours (±15 minutes) after the end of infusion. Vital signs should also be collected as clinically  indicated. 
i Additional ECGs will be collected as clinically indicated.  
j The initial lymphodepletion chemotherapy regimen will be composed of fludarabine (30 mg/m2/day IV) and cyclophosphamide (500  mg/m2/day IV) during the Screening 
Period from Days -5 to -3. However, modified lymphodepletion regimens may be used after safety is established in dose level. The lymphodepletion regi men will be 
specified at the time of registration. Please refer to the Pharmacy Manual for the lymphodepletion dosing regimen; l ymphodepletion status may be discussed between the 
Sponsor Medical Monitor, Principal Investigators, and contract research organization Medical Monitor prior to registration.  
k Study subjects are evaluated for the following restrictions 2 hours (±60 minute s) prior to receiving the BV-CAR20 infusion: new uncontrolled infection after receipt of 
lymphodepletion, fever, taking any corticosteroid beyond the replacement details, rapid acceleration of malignant disease, an d any organ dysfunction since Screening. 
Additional details are provided in Protocol Section 5.1.1. At the investigator’s discretion, study subjects may receive premed ication 1  hour (±15 minutes) prior to receiving 
the BV-CAR20 infusion with oral acetaminophen and oral or IV diphenhydramine accord ing to the institutional standards.  
l Study participant diaries will be provided to study subjects on Day 0 to monitor temperature, at least daily, during the firs t 28 days.  
m . The PET -CT scan conducted as part of the routine care within 4 weeks of BV-CAR20 administration may be used for Screening purposes. If the scan is performed as a 
part of routine care, the result will be obtained from the study participant’s physician or medical record.  
n A PET -CT scan on Day 14 is optional and will be determined by the investigator. Additional details are provided in Protocol Section 8.4.  
o Screening tumor biopsy may be omitted if a study participant has had a biopsy showing CD20+ disease within 6 months before Screening and has not received any anti -
CD20+ therapy since then. Note: If the tumor is CD20 -negative by flow cytometry, it should be evaluated by immunohistochemistry as flow assays may result in false 
negatives due to comp etition with CD20 targeting treatment antibodies (e.g. rituximab).  
p  Tumor biopsy may be performed to confirm imaging changes as clinically indicated. Additional biopsies may be performed pendin g Sponsor approval.  
q Exploratory analyses will be performed by the central laboratory. Additional analyses performed at the site that are not required by the protocol should b e captured in the 
eCRF.  
r Blood samples will be collected before BV-CAR20 administration on Day 0.  
s If available, the central labo ratory will also test fresh BMA or bone marrow core samples for CAR T cells.  
t MRD assessment will be performed at Screening for all study subjects. Please consult the Laboratory Manual for specific sampl e requirements at Screening. At subsequent 
visits, M RD assessment will only be performed for study subjects who meet other standard response criteria (see Protocol Section 8.1).  Please consult the Laboratory Manual 
for specific sample requirements at all subsequent visits. Note that these samples are diseas e-specific and may be different between Screening and all subsequent visits.  
u AESIs are listed in Protocol Section 7.2.1.3.  
